cxx-qt-build: Add more information about qmake, how it is used and why (#497)
KDAB/cxx-qt: book/src/getting-started/5-cargo-executable.md

To build and run the application, use `cargo run`.

> Note that in order for cxx-qt to work, the `qmake` executable must be located. This is because cxx-qt relies on `qmake` to locate the necessary Qt libraries and header files on your system.
>
> `cxx-qt` will find qmake in the following order:

> > - Look for an environment variable `QMAKE` that should a path to `qmake`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
> - Look for an environment variable `QMAKE` that should have the path to `qmake`.
```
